## December 12, 2021

### ADDED - A new alerting feature!
* The monitoring infrastructure at Hamravesh provides a variety of metrics, which are used in defining alerts.
* Alerts describe undesirable conditions, currently including a disk being almost full or an app in an unready or error status.
* Each alert provides appropriate details on the scope of the problem. 
* There are two alert severity levels, i.e. warning and critical.
* Users can now access a section at the top of the main Darkube page to view a list of all existing alerts pertaining to 
their organization, albeit a few of the most recent ones are shown with details right at the top.
* All critical alerts are notified through email to all organization admins upon creation.

### ADDED - An annotation-based method to manage backups
* Users with proper `kubectl` access can now manage backups through the following `annotations` on `pvc` objects.
  * `backingham.hamravesh.com/backup: "true"`: indicates whether backup is enabled for a `pvc`.
  * `backingham.hamravesh.com/keep: 2`: indicates the last number of backups kept at any time.
  * `backingham.hamravesh.com/cron: "10 10 * * *"`: indicates the backup frequency.

### ADDED - A one-click MongoDB app
Find out more [here](https://docs.hamravesh.com/darkube/databases/mongodb/).

### ADDED - A one-click NextCloud app
Find out more [here](https://docs.hamravesh.com/darkube/apps/nextcloud/).

### ADDED - A one-click Elasticsearch app
Find out more [here](https://docs.hamravesh.com/darkube/databases/elasticsearch/).

### ADDED - The ability to provide custom config in `yaml` format

### FIXED - The process of inviting new users to organization
As was the case previously, when inviting a new user with no Hamravesh account to your organization, 
they will receive an email containing steps to create an account. However, their new account is merely added 
to the inviting organization, and no new, redundant organization will be created for them. 
Every current and new user does have the option to create a new organization at any time. 

### ADDED - New pages to the docs
* The [MongoDB doc](https://docs.hamravesh.com/darkube/databases/mongodb/)
* The [NextCloud doc](https://docs.hamravesh.com/darkube/apps/nextcloud/)
* The [Elasticsearch doc](https://docs.hamravesh.com/darkube/databases/elasticsearch/)

### Smaller improvements and fixes
* #### ADDED - A disk pruning routine for gitlab runners in case there's less than 2GB space remaining.
