## June 27, 2022

### ADDED - A one-click Jupyter Notebook app
Find out more [here](https://docs.hamravesh.com/darkube/apps/jupyter/).

### ADDED - Store application logs in Elasticsearch or MinIO
Define a log pipeline to have your application logs aggregated in an Elasticsearch or MinIO instance.

### ADDED - GC mechanism to container registry
Specify the number of digests to keep for each image and have older ones automatically removed to save space.

### ADDED - Manually reset pods
Use a button in the apps detail page to *only* reset pods without applying changes to your app.

### ADDED - View logs from the previous containers
View the logs from the previous container in the logs tab in case your app has automatically been reset due to an issue.

### ADDED - Sidecar containers
Define sidecar containers to run alongside the main container for git repo and docker apps.

### ADDED - Improve how users leave an organization
* Allow users to leave from an organization.
* Automatically remove all configuration granting a user access to organization namespaces upon removal from the organization.

### Smaller improvements and fixes
* #### ADDED - Cluster name to the backups list.
* #### ADDED - A link to an online tuning website for PostgreSQL parameters in the config tab. 
* #### ADDED - A direct link to the builds tab in case an app is facing an image pull issue due to a failed build.
* #### FIXED - Enforce a memory lower bound for MongoDB apps in order to meet the minimum requirement for wiredTigerCacheSizeGB.
* #### FIXED - An issue with repo digest data in container registry.
* #### FIXED - An issue with disabling app plugins.
* #### FIXED - An issue with selecting the time range in the resource consumption tab.
